have you ever
had one of those dreams
that feels totally real
[Music]
i'm going to do it wake up wake up
it's a total relief
today started pretty good i guess see
you tonight
i love you love you too baby come on
we're late
i hung out with carrie levi and i
conspired about our weekend
and it all went to [ __ ]
that's cymatics patterns created through
vibrational frequencies
third time this year what happened baby
what happened
memories get taken from me sometimes
what the hell where did you go i've been
texting you all night
we can't keep doing this it's not right
there's no choice
if she becomes aware it's only a matter
of time before they become aware you
really made a mess this time
does she know where she came from hi my
name is
aisha if you're
seeing this video it means
well it means that
you